It was time. Finally, it had happened. The outside was available. I almost literally jumped for joy. It had been 195 years since the domes had gone up - although I had only been in the world for 27 of them. 27 years of feeling cramped. 27 years of a longing that I had always fixated on. The outside.

And I was the first to know about it. That was the only conclusion I could draw - nobody else knew about it. And, of course, I intended to keep it that way. I wanted to be the first one out. Not some bozo who did EVA missions for a living, that would be unbearable.

No sampling, no verification, none of that nonsense. They would stop me if I told anyone, and I wanted this now.

I was interrupted by a soft beep. The clock had struck 9 AM, and I should have been getting ready. I snapped back to reality, and started my routine: Brushing my hair, washing my face, brushing my teeth... there wasn't enough time for a shower, but I had taken one yesterday, so it was probably fine.

After changing into my uniform, I ran out of my quarters and beelined for the pod. That was the only way you could get from place to place... for now. It was almost definitely going to change in the near future.

As I was taking a seat, a coworker passed me, commenting that I looked happy. Perhaps my face had betrayed that something was going on, but I dared not tell my secret. Not before I had done something myself, at least. Getting the work done, though, was a chore. And the ever-present thought only made it harder, constantly distracting me. Yet, I did it. And I made it to lunch break.

The cafeteria dome was within walking distance, so I could use the airlock and walk into the outside world. So much filtration equipment... and I had now learned that it was superfluous.

I began to walk through the dirt. It would feel so amazing just to touch it, rather than the cold, sterile material inside the domes. I could only imagine it, soft and moist and beautiful. And grass... the grass... so green and fuzzy...

I couldn't bear it anymore. Against the (wrong) warnings of the suit, I took it off, and breathed in the real air.

It smelled so sweet, so intoxicating... I began to disrobe more and more, leaving myself in my normal clothes. This hadn't been done for two centuries. I couldn't help but lay down in the grass. It was so beautiful, so soft, so amazing to feel it all against my skin... I could get used to this.

I needed a nap. And right here, in the dirt, felt like the best place to take it. A part of me questioned why I was so tired, but that didn't matter. I was too tired to contemplate it.

The last people I saw before I closed my eyes were two police officers, looking at me. I didn't care how they saw me. I felt great.

I heard a voice. Probably from one of them. "Is this really humane?", one asked.

"Name a better way to do this.", said the other.

And then I slept.